
# FaceMorpher

  

[FaceMorpher](https://anish-lakkapragada.github.io/FaceMorpher) is an innovative project to get a unique face morph (or <em> interpolation </em> for geeks) on a website. Yes, this means you can see faces <em> morphing </em> into each other! These are created by the beautiful StyleGAN models, and DCGAN for comparison. Go ahead [here](https://anish-lakkapragada.github.io/FaceMorpher).

  

# Why Build It

Seems like a fun way to bring cool machine learning research to web development.

# How it works

## Machine Learning side 

All these models are just GANs, which are basically just functions that take in a random vector and give an image (or in this case, a face.) So to see how the faces morph into each other, just see how the vector changes as you move it around the space. To see how two faces morph into each other, I choose two random vectors and see how as I move in the direction of the second vector from the first vector the faces generated change (make all the images a video.)  

## Web Development Side


#### FaceMorpher has a really ~~screwed up~~ unique software design. 

All of the videos generated by the models are pre-generated (sorry, didn't want to keep you waiting for 2 minutes for a StyleGAN video on my CPU!) and hosted on an AWS S3 Bucket. When a video is requested from the frontend, an API I created (deployed on Heroku) will return the video link for a random video for it's "type" (stylegan(2), dcgan), to be used in the HTML to render the video. After the response, the API sends a request to my localtunnel to generate a new video (stylegan if a stylegan video url was returned, etc.) and upload that to the shared S3 Bucket. Talk about functional design! 

# Tech Stack

All platforms that I used: 

- Heroku 
- AWS S3 Bucket 
- Localtunnel 
- Svelte
- Smelte 
- PyTorch 

# Acknowledgements 

I did copy code to make the models and generate the videos. Stop pretending like you don't lmao  

- DCGAN: PyTorch Official Documentation Tutorial 
- StyleGAN: https://github.com/huangzh13/StyleGAN.pytorch
- StyleGAN2: https://github.com/NVlabs/stylegan2-ada-pytorch


